HttpPrincipal httpPrincipal
long userId
java.lang.String password
java.lang.String screenName
java.lang.String emailAddress
java.lang.String languageId
java.lang.String timeZoneId
java.lang.String greeting
java.lang.String comments
java.lang.String firstName
java.lang.String middleName
java.lang.String lastName
int prefixId
int suffixId
boolean male
int birthdayMonth
int birthdayDay
int birthdayYear
java.lang.String smsSn
java.lang.String aimSn
java.lang.String icqSn
java.lang.String jabberSn
java.lang.String msnSn
java.lang.String skypeSn
java.lang.String ymSn
java.lang.String jobTitle
java.lang.String organizationId
java.lang.String locationId
