java.lang.String firstName
java.lang.String middleName
java.lang.String lastName
java.lang.String nickName
java.lang.String emailAddress
java.lang.String homeStreet
java.lang.String homeCity
java.lang.String homeState
java.lang.String homeZip
java.lang.String homeCountry
java.lang.String homePhone
java.lang.String homeFax
java.lang.String homeCell
java.lang.String homePager
java.lang.String homeTollFree
java.lang.String homeEmailAddress
java.lang.String businessCompany
java.lang.String businessStreet
java.lang.String businessCity
java.lang.String businessState
java.lang.String businessZip
java.lang.String businessCountry
java.lang.String businessPhone
java.lang.String businessFax
java.lang.String businessCell
java.lang.String businessPager
java.lang.String businessTollFree
java.lang.String businessEmailAddress
java.lang.String employeeNumber
java.lang.String jobTitle
java.lang.String jobClass
java.lang.String hoursOfOperation
java.util.Date birthday
java.lang.String timeZoneId
java.lang.String instantMessenger
java.lang.String website
java.lang.String comments
