java.lang.String userId
java.lang.String password
java.lang.String emailAddress
java.lang.String languageId
java.lang.String timeZoneId
java.lang.String greeting
java.lang.String resolution
java.lang.String comments
java.lang.String firstName
java.lang.String middleName
java.lang.String lastName
java.lang.String nickName
java.lang.String prefixId
java.lang.String suffixId
boolean male
int birthdayMonth
int birthdayDay
int birthdayYear
java.lang.String smsSn
java.lang.String aimSn
java.lang.String icqSn
java.lang.String msnSn
java.lang.String skypeSn
java.lang.String ymSn
java.lang.String jobTitle
java.lang.String organizationId
java.lang.String locationId
