long plid
long orderId
java.lang.String billingFirstName
java.lang.String billingLastName
java.lang.String billingEmailAddress
java.lang.String billingCompany
java.lang.String billingStreet
java.lang.String billingCity
java.lang.String billingState
java.lang.String billingZip
java.lang.String billingCountry
java.lang.String billingPhone
boolean shipToBilling
java.lang.String shippingFirstName
java.lang.String shippingLastName
java.lang.String shippingEmailAddress
java.lang.String shippingCompany
java.lang.String shippingStreet
java.lang.String shippingCity
java.lang.String shippingState
java.lang.String shippingZip
java.lang.String shippingCountry
java.lang.String shippingPhone
java.lang.String ccName
java.lang.String ccType
java.lang.String ccNumber
int ccExpMonth
int ccExpYear
java.lang.String ccVerNumber
java.lang.String comments
